Didi/add vs input controls (#1082)
telerik/maui-docs: controls/entry/visual-structure.md

---
title: Visual Structure
page_title: .NET MAUI Entry Documentation - Entry Visual Structure
description: Learn more about the visual elements used in the Telerik UI for .NET MAUI Entry control.
position: 0
slug: entry-visual-structure
---

# .NET MAUI Entry Visual Structure

Here are described all visual elements used in the [.NET MAUI Entry]({%slug entry-overview%}).

## Entry Visual Structure

![Telerik UI for .NET MAUI Entry Visual Structure](images/entry-focused-text.png "Visual elements of Entry control")

- `Placeholder`&mdash;The text which is used to give guidance to the end user on what can be entered/searched in the input.

> - [`RadTextInput`]({%slug entry-textinput%})&mdash;The control used for the text input

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [`RadTextInput`]({%slug entry-textinput%})&mdash;The control used for the text input.
```

## Input Structure

![Telerik UI for .NET MAUI Entry Input Visual Structure](images/entry-valid-text.png "Visual elements of Entry control")

> - `Text`&mdash;The text written in the control's input filed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Text`&mdash;The text entered in the control's input filed.
```

> - [`RadTextInput`]({%slug entry-textinput%})&mdash;The control used for the text input

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [`RadTextInput`]({%slug entry-textinput%})&mdash;The control used for the text input.
```

- `Clear Button`&mdash;Clears the selection of the control both multiple and single.

## Validation Structure

![Telerik UI for .NET MAUI Entry Validation Visual Structure](images/winui-entry.png "Visual elements of Entry control")

> - `Text`&mdash;The text written in the control's input filed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Text`&mdash;The text entered in the control's input filed.
```

> - `Clear Button`&mdash;Clears the selection of the control both multiple and single.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Clear Button`&mdash;Clears the selection in the control for both multiple and single selection scenarios.
```

> - `Style when IsValueValis is False`&mdash;Specifies the style when entering an invalid value inside the input field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Style when IsValueValis is False`&mdash;Specifies the style applied when the value entered in the input field is invalid.
```
